README.md, before:

libsass
=========

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/wellington/go-libsass.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/wellington/go-libsass) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/uhl4swbb2r7lcfpc/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/drewwells/go-libsass/branch/master)

The only Sass compliant Go library! go-libsass is a wrapper to the [sass/libsass](http://github.com/sass/libsass) project.

To build, setup Go

    go build

To test

    go test

Basic example more examples found in [examples](examples)

```
buf := bytes.NewBufferString("div { p { color: red; } }")
if err != nil {
	log.Fatal(err)
}
comp, err := libsass.New(os.Stdout, buf)
if err != nil {
	log.Fatal(err)
}

if err := comp.Run(); err != nil {
	log.Fatal(err)
}
```

Output
```
div p {
  color: red; }
```

### Updating libsass

```
cd libsass-src; git fetch; git checkout vX.X.X
git commit -m "updated libsass to vX.X.X"
make update-libsass
# iterate on includes and code changes until tests pass
```

### FAQ

* Compiling go-libsass is very slow, what can be done?

    Go-libsass compiles C/C++ libsass on every build. You can install the package and speed up building `go install github.com/wellington/go-libsass`. Alternatively, it's possible to link against system libsass and forego C compiling with `go build -tags dev`.

* How do I cross compile?

    Since this package uses C bindings, you will need gcc for the target platform. For windows see, https://github.com/wellington/go-libsass/issues/37

Commit message:

Add Bazel support
After adding and running Gazelle, it required these tweaks:

- libsass-build/BUILD.bazel: adjust cc_library rules to work
- libs/BUILD: Remove '-std=c++0x' from copts and add //libsass-build to cdeps
- libs/BUILD: Remove all of the headers from srcs, which only served as a
  mechanism to get cgo to compile c code from another directory.

I briefly considered trying to get it to work with an external libsass
dependency rather than the checked-in files, but I had trouble getting the
cc_library working for that.

README.md, after:

libsass
=========

**This is a fork of [github.com/wellington/go-libsass] that adds Bazel support, without breaking the Go tool.**

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/wellington/go-libsass.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/wellington/go-libsass) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/uhl4swbb2r7lcfpc/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/drewwells/go-libsass/branch/master)

The only Sass compliant Go library! go-libsass is a wrapper to the [sass/libsass](http://github.com/sass/libsass) project.

To build, setup Go

    go build

To test

    go test

Basic example more examples found in [examples](examples)

```
buf := bytes.NewBufferString("div { p { color: red; } }")
if err != nil {
	log.Fatal(err)
}
comp, err := libsass.New(os.Stdout, buf)
if err != nil {
	log.Fatal(err)
}

if err := comp.Run(); err != nil {
	log.Fatal(err)
}
```

Output
```
div p {
  color: red; }
```

### Updating libsass

```
cd libsass-src; git fetch; git checkout vX.X.X
git commit -m "updated libsass to vX.X.X"
make update-libsass
# iterate on includes and code changes until tests pass
```

### FAQ

* Compiling go-libsass is very slow, what can be done?

    Go-libsass compiles C/C++ libsass on every build. You can install the package and speed up building `go install github.com/wellington/go-libsass`. Alternatively, it's possible to link against system libsass and forego C compiling with `go build -tags dev`.

* How do I cross compile?

    Since this package uses C bindings, you will need gcc for the target platform. For windows see, https://github.com/wellington/go-libsass/issues/37
